Add keepalive-critical-timeout flag to agent reference (#1991)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/reference/agent.md

Sensu `keepalives` are the heartbeat mechanism used to ensure that all registered agents are operational and able to reach the [Sensu backend][2].
Sensu agents publish keepalive events containing [entity][3] configuration data to the Sensu backend according to the interval specified by the [`keepalive-interval` flag][4].

> If a Sensu agent fails to send keepalive events over the period specified by the [`keepalive-critical-timeout` flag][4], the Sensu backend creates a keepalive **critical** alert in the Sensu dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
If a Sensu agent fails to send keepalive events over the period specified by the [`keepalive-critical-timeout` flag][4], the Sensu backend creates a keepalive **critical** alert in the Sensu dashboard.
The `keepalive-critical-timeout` is set to `0` (disabled) by default to help ensure that it will not interfere with your `keepalive-warning-timeout` setting.
```

> If a Sensu agent fails to send keepalive events over the period specified by the [`keepalive-warning-timeout` flag][4], the Sensu backend creates a keepalive **warning** alert in the Sensu dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
If a Sensu agent fails to send keepalive events over the period specified by the [`keepalive-warning-timeout` flag][4], the Sensu backend creates a keepalive **warning** alert in the Sensu dashboard.
The value you specify for `keepalive-warning-timeout` must be lower than the value you specify for `keepalive-critical-timeout`.
```

      --cache-dir string                      path to store cached data (default "/var/cache/sensu/sensu-agent")
  -c, --config-file string                    path to sensu-agent config file
      --deregister                            ephemeral agent
      --deregistration-handler string         deregistration handler that should process the entity deregistration event.
      --disable-assets                        disable check assets on this agent
      --disable-api                           disable the Agent HTTP API
      --disable-sockets                       disable the Agent TCP and UDP event sockets
      --events-burst-limit                    /events api burst limit
      --events-rate-limit                     maximum number of events transmitted to the backend through the /events api
  -h, --help                                  help for start
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify              skip ssl verification
      --keepalive-critical-timeout uint32     number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a critical event (default 0)
      --keepalive-interval uint32             number of seconds to send between keepalive events (default 20)

>       --keepalive-warning-timeout uint32    number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a warning event (default 120)

Reviewer: This spacing doesn't appear to be lining up

>       --keepalive-timeout uint32              number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a warning event (default 120)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --keepalive-warning-timeout uint32    number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a warning event (default 120)
```

      --cache-dir string                      path to store cached data (default "/var/cache/sensu/sensu-agent")
  -c, --config-file string                    path to sensu-agent config file
      --deregister                            ephemeral agent
      --deregistration-handler string         deregistration handler that should process the entity deregistration event.
      --disable-assets                        disable check assets on this agent
      --disable-api                           disable the Agent HTTP API
      --disable-sockets                       disable the Agent TCP and UDP event sockets
      --events-burst-limit                    /events api burst limit
      --events-rate-limit                     maximum number of events transmitted to the backend through the /events api
  -h, --help                                  help for start
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify              skip ssl verification
      --keepalive-critical-timeout uint32     number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a critical event (default 0)
      --keepalive-interval uint32             number of seconds to send between keepalive events (default 20)

>       --keepalive-warning-timeout uint32    number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a warning event (default 120)

Author: ```suggestion
      --keepalive-warning-timeout uint32     number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a warning event (default 120)
```

>       --keepalive-warning-timeout uint32     number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a warning event (default 120)

Author: ```suggestion
      --keepalive-warning-timeout uint32      number of seconds until agent is considered dead by backend to create a warning event (default 120)
```

### Keepalive configuration flags

| keepalive-critical-timeout |      |
--------------------|------

> description         | Number of seconds after a missing keepalive event until the agent is considered unresponsive by the Sensu backend to create a critical event. If the value is not `0`, it must be greater than or equal to `5` (in other words, the value cannot be `1`, `2`, `3`, or `4`).

Author: ```suggestion
description         | Number of seconds after a missing keepalive event until the agent is considered unresponsive by the Sensu backend to create a critical event. Set to disabled (`0`) by default. If the value is not `0`, it must be greater than or equal to `5`.
```

Reviewer: > (in other words, the value cannot be `1`, `2`, `3`, or `4`)

This can probably be removed. The value cannot be negative either, so the preceding statement accounts for that.

keepalive-interval: 30{{< /highlight >}}

 | keepalive-warning-timeout |      |
--------------------|------

> description         | Number of seconds after a missing keepalive event until the agent is considered unresponsive by the Sensu backend to create a warning event. Minimum value is `5`.

Author: ```suggestion
description         | Number of seconds after a missing keepalive event until the agent is considered unresponsive by the Sensu backend to create a warning event. Value must be lower than the `keepalive-critical-timeout` value. Minimum value is `5`.
```

> | keepalive-timeout |      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 | keepalive-warning-timeout |      |
```
